KIC: Fix GRPC Guide (#6473)
Kong/docs.konghq.com: app/_src/kic-v2/guides/using-ingress-with-grpc.md

* Deploy a gRPC test application.
* Route gRPC traffic to it using Ingress or GRPCRoute.

To make `gRPC` requests, you need a client that can invoke gRPC requests.
In this guide, we use
[`grpcurl`](https://github.com/fullstorydev/grpcurl#installation).
Ensure that you have it installed on your local system.

{% include_cached /md/kic/prerequisites.md kong_version=page.kong_version disable_gateway_api=true %}

## Deploy a gRPC test application

> Kong assumes that services are HTTP-based by default. We configure Kong to use gRPCs protocol when it talks to the upstream service with the `konghq.com/protocol` annotation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, Kong considers all services are HTTP-based. You need to configure Kong to use gRPCs protocol when it talks to the upstream service using the `konghq.com/protocol` annotation.
```

Now that the test application is running, you can create GRPC routing configuration that

> proxies traffic to the application:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
proxies traffic to the application.
```

> All routes are assumed to be either HTTP or HTTPS by default. We need to update the Ingress rule to specify gRPC as the protocol by adding a `konghq.com/protocols` annotation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All routes are considered to be either HTTP or HTTPS by default. You need to update the Ingress rule to specify gRPC as the protocol by adding a `konghq.com/protocols` annotation.
```

This annotation informs Kong that this route is a gRPC route and not a plain HTTP route

```bash
echo "apiVersion: networking.k8s.io/v1
kind: Ingress
metadata:
  name: demo
  annotations:
    konghq.com/protocols: grpcs
spec:
  ingressClassName: kong
  rules:
  - http:
      paths:
      - path: /
        pathType: Prefix
        backend:
          service: 
            name: grpcbin
            port: 
              number: 9001" | kubectl apply -f -
```

> Response:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The results should look like this:
```

```text
ingress.networking.k8s.io/demo created
```

## Test the configuration

Use `grpcurl` to send a gRPC request through the proxy:

```bash
grpcurl -d '{"greeting": "Kong"}' -insecure $PROXY_IP:443 hello.HelloService.SayHello
```

> Response:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The results should look like this:
```
